ROCm docs style IA and style guide updates (#311)
AMD-AGI/GEAK: internal-docs/preprocess-v3-validation.md

---
myst:
    html_meta:
        "description": "Manual validation runbook for the GEAK v3 preprocess cutover. Covers end-to-end validation of Triton, HIP, and PyTorch-to-FlyDSL workloads and Path-A short-circuit testing."
        "keywords": "GEAK, preprocess v3, validation, Triton, HIP, FlyDSL, PreprocessOrchestratorAgent, Path-A"
---

# Manual validation: v3 preprocess cutover

This runbook gates the cutover from the legacy 5-phase preprocess pipeline to the v3 LLM-driven `PreprocessOrchestratorAgent`. Run the end-to-end validation steps below against representative workloads before authorizing deletion of the legacy code.

## Goal

Commit set 5a wired the v3 LLM-driven preprocess orchestrator
(`PreprocessOrchestratorAgent`) into the CLI flow. The legacy 5-phase
pipeline under `src/minisweagent/run/preprocess/` and the
multi-process plumbing under `src/minisweagent/pipeline_workers/` are
still on disk but are no longer on the call graph from the CLI

> entry. This runbook is the manual gate before the legacy code gets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entry. This runbook serves as the final manual validation step before the legacy code gets
```

> - `compute_speedup.py` (step 5 output — verifies the baseline parses)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `compute_speedup.py` (step 5 output—verifies the baseline parses)
```

Reviewer: Removed spaces before and after em dash. Do the same for all instances of em dashes in this and other files.
